Update 3 (#250)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/and.md

# $and
Returns `true` if every provided condition is true, otherwise `false` is returned.

## Syntax
```
$and[conditions;...]
```
## Parameters

> - `conditions`: All checks that will be carried out to obtain the desired result. **( didn't know what to write, please change it )**

Reviewer: This should sufficiently explain the parameter.
```suggestion
- `conditions`: Checks that will be carried out. All conditions must be true for this function to return `true`. Separate conditions using `;`.
```
